Add serialization docs (#5630)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: README.md

> Source files for the language specification and the docs for Kotlin Mulitplatform, coroutines, lincheck, Dokka,

Reviewer: super nit:
```suggestion
Source files for the language specification and the docs for Kotlin Multiplatform, coroutines, serialization, lincheck, Dokka,
```
